--- PAGE 1 ---
1867

HOWARD
UNIVERSITY

2025 - 2026
Student Health Insurance
Plan: Howard University

Who can enroll? . .
All registered Domestic Undergraduate students and Graduate students Plan resources at your fingertips

are automatically enrolled in the Student Health Insurance Plan, unless

proof of other comparable coverage can be provided. Eligible students ‘nee lboresie, sult =

who do enroll may also enroll their eligible Dependents including . uhcsr.com/
Domestic Partners on a voluntary basis. All registered International claim and download your myaccount

students are automatically enrolled in the Student Health Insurance Plan, ID card via My Account

unless the student is officially sponsored by their home government or

agency that guarantees the student’s health insurance fees as part of Find an in-network .

the student’s contract with the Policyholder. All international students provider Choice Plus
are required to have a J-1 or F-1 and their eligible dependents (who are

not U.S. citizens) are required to have a J-2 or F-2 visa to be eligible for eine jatar al

this insurance plan. Hafele Yeleceie/eitelfelate Optum Rx

rovider
All medical, dental, and nursing students are automatically enrolled in p

this insurance plan, unless proof of other comparable coverage can be

Value-added benefits and

provided.

. at
Eligible students who do enroll may also insure their Dependents. services (Student Assist’, uhcsr.com/
Eligible Dependents are the student’s legal Spouse/Civil Union partner HealthiestYou*, UHC myaccount
or Domestic Partner and dependent children under 26 years of age. See Global*)

the Definitions section of the Certificate for the specific requirements
needed to meet Domestic Partner eligibility.

The student (Named Insured, as defined in the Certificate) must actively attend classes for at least the first 31 days after the date for which coverage is
purchased. Home study, correspondence, and online courses do not fulfill the eligibility requirements that the student actively attend classes. The
Company maintains its right to investigate eligibility or student status and attendance records to verify that the Policy eligibility requirements have been
met. If and whenever the Company discovers that the Policy eligibility requirements have not been met, its only obligation is refund of premium.
The eligibility date for Dependents of the Named Insured shall be determined in accordance with the following:
1. If aNamed Insured has Dependents on the date he or she is eligible for insurance.
2. lf a Named Insured acquires a Dependent after the Effective Date, such Dependent becomes eligible:
a. Onthe date the Named Insured acquires a legal Spouse/Civil Union partner or a Domestic Partner who meets the specific requirements
set forth in the Definitions section of this Certificate.
b. Onthe date the Named Insured acquires a dependent child who is within the limits of adependent child set forth in the Definitions section
of the Certificate.
Dependent eligibility expires concurrently with that of the Named Insured.

Coverage periods, plan cost and deadline dates

Annual Fall Spring/Summer

Coverage dates 08/01/25 - 07/31/26 08/01/25 - 12/31/25 01/01/26 - 07/31/26
Student $1,868.00 $783.00 $1,085.00

Spouse $1,868.00 $783.00 $1,085.00
One Child $1,868.00 $783.00 $1,085.00
Two or More Children $3,736.00 $1,566.00 $2,170.00

Spouse and Two or More Children $5,604.00 $2,349.00 $3,255.00

Rates are subjectto regulatory approvaland may change.
25COL5051-178-1



--- PAGE 2 ---
Plan highlights

Metallic Level: Platinum with actuarial value of 89.590%

Student Health Center Benefits: 1) The Deductible will be waived and benefits will be paid at 100% of the Preferred Provider Benefit
level when treatment is rendered at Howard Student Health Center for the following Services: Laboratory procedures rendered at and
referred to LabCorp for processing. 2) The Deductible will be waived and benefits will be paid at 100% for Covered Medical Expenses
incurred when treatment is rendered at Howard Student Health Center for the following services: All services listed in the Schedule of
Benefits.

Benefits Preferred Providers Out-of-Network Providers
Overall Plan Maximum There is no overall maximum dollar limit on the Policy
Plan Deductible $300 Per Insured Person, per Policy Year $700 Per Insured Person, per Policy Year

Out-of-Pocket Maximum $7,150 Per Insured Person, Per Policy Year

After the Out-ofPocket Maximum has been satisfied, $14,300 For all Insureds in a Family, Per Policy Year
Covered Medical Expenses will be paid at 100%

for the remainder of the Policy Year subject to any

applicable benefit maximums. Refer to the plan

certificate for details about how the Out-ofPocket

Maximum applies.

Coinsurance 100% of Allowed Amount for Covered 80% of Allowed Amount for Covered Medical
All benefits are subject to satisfaction of the Medical Expenses Expenses

Deductible, specific benefit limitations, maximums

and Copays as described in the plan certificate.

Prescription Drugs $15 Copay for Tier 1 No Benefits
Prescriptions must be filled at a UHCP network $30 Copay for Tier 2
pharmacy. UHCP Mail Order Network Pharmacy or | $90 Copay for Tier 3
Preferred 90-Day Retail Network Pharmacy at 2.5 Up to a 31-day supply per prescription filled at
times the retail Copay up to a 90-day supply. a UnitedHealthcare Pharmacy (UHCP) Retail
Network Pharmacy
not subject to Deductible

Preventive Care Services 100% of Allowed Amount No Benefits
Including but not limited to: annual physicals, GYN

exams, routine screenings and immunizations. No

Deductible, Copays, or Coinsurance will be applied

when the services are received from a Preferred

Provider. Please visit

www.healthcare.gov/preventive-care-benefits/ for a

complete list of the services provided for specific

age and risk groups.

The following services have per service Physician’s Visits: $35 Physician’s Visits: $35
copays not subject to Deductible not subject to Deductible
This list is not all inclusive. Please read the plan Medical Emergency: $300 Medical Emergency: $300
certificate for complete listing of copays. not subject to Deductible not subject to Deductible

The Copay will be waived if admitted to the The Copay will be waived if admitted to the
Hospital. Hospital.

Contact Customer Service at 1-800-793-0251
or at customerservice@uhcsr.com

Questions about your plan?

'Student Assist services are provided through OptumHealth Behavioral Solutions and OptumHealth Care Solutions, UnitedHealth Group companies. The Student Assist is not a substitute for medical attention. If you have an
emergency medical condition, you should call 911 or your local emergency services number. *HealthiestYou and the HealthiestYou logo are trademarks of Teladoc Health, Inc., and may not be used without written
permission. HealthiestYou does not replace the primary care physician. HealthiestYou does not guarantee that a prescription will be written. HealthiestYou operates subject to state regulation and may not be available in
certain states. HealthiestYou does not prescribe DEA-controlled substances, nor-therapeutic drugs and certain other drugs that may be harmful because of their potential for abuse. HealthiestYou physicians reserve the
right to deny care for potential misuse of services. ‘Nor-insurance Travel Assistance services are provided by or through United Healthcare Services, Inc., and affiliates under the UnitedHealthcare Global brand.

© 2025 United HealthCare Services, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The written materials contained in this documentare a confidential property of UnitedHealth Group. Do not distribute or reproduce any materials without
the express written consent of UnitedHealth Group. This plan is underwritten by UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company and is based on policy 2025-178-1. For further details of the coverage including costs, benefits,
exclusions, any reductions or limitations and the terms under which the coverage may be continued in force, please refer to uhcsr.com/howard. NOTE: The information contained herein is a summary of certain benefits
which are offered undera student health insurance Policy issued by UnitedHealthcare. This documentis a summary only and does not contain a full or complete recitation of the benefits and restrictions/exclusions
associated with the relevant Policy of insurance. This document is notan insurance Policy document and your receipt of this document does not constitute the issuance or delivery of a Policy of insurance. Neitheryou nor
UnitedHealthcare has any rights or responsibilities associated with your receipt of this document. Changes in federal, state or other applicable legislation or regulation or changes in Plan design required by the applicable
State regulatory authority may result in differences between this summary and the actual Policy of insurance. Benefits and rates described herein are subject to regulatory approval and may change.

UnitedHealthcare Student Resources does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age or disability in

health programs and activities. U ° t d
ATTENTION: Language assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. Please call 1-866-260-2723. nl e

ATENCION: Usted tiene a su disposicion servicios de asistencia en otros idiomas, sin cargo. Llame al 1-866-260-2723. Healthc are

EB: BOA PNW. aPC 1-866-260-2723,


